1. I walk with a bag. There's a laptop in it. It also has two pens, a notebook for notes, keys to the apartment, medicines.
usually there is nothing on my desk, but when I come home to study, I put my laptop on it. My desktop is very clean.
There is a window in front of the door in my room. To his right is an armchair, and to the left of the armchair is a desk. There is a large wardrobe next to it. There is a guitar in the middle of my room, I learn to play it every day.

2. Be sure to visit the Duderhof Nature Reserve in St. Petersburg. There you can walk through the forest, see the historically important places of our city.
I advise you to go to Sosnovka. this is the largest park in St. Petersburg. There are a lot of small and large trails, areas for children and adults. You can relax there with the whole family
Be sure to visit Divo Island. This is an amusement park for the whole family. It is located at the Krestovsky Island metro station. Next to the park, also take a walk in Victory Park, it is a very beautiful place, I often go there

3. My favorite thing about my country is its nature. I think this is something that is a feature of Russia. I like that our nature is diverse. I especially like autumn
I really love the cultural cities of Russia. I have been to many cities: Veliky Novgorod, Kazan, Moscow, Kaliningrad. All these cities are located in the same country, but they are very different
I also like that our country is the largest
*****
One thing I don't like is the high rental prices in our city. Because of this fact, I live with my parents
I also don't like the large number of people in cities.

4.4 My dad Dima works inside. He works day and night, and on weekends. In general, whenever he wants. He works as a programmer on the development team And he doesn't wear a uniform.. He has a special qualification, higher education. He also has a good weekend, he can travel, walk with his family, spend time with friends and in nature, drive a car and go shopping. My dad creates robots, writes programs for them. Dima likes his job, it brings him a lot of money and a lot of free time.

5. нужна помощь

6. 6 In the morning, I get up at 7 a.m. to start working, then I go to study
I also have breakfast, usually I make myself sandwiches
I live far from my studies and work, so I need to take the bus first, then the subway
Usually, my studies start at 12 o'clock in the afternoon
I eat twice a day, so I don't have lunch.
I finish my studies at 3-4 o'clock in the afternoon and go home to sleep
I do my English homework on Fridays because my English lessons are on Saturdays
I go to bed at midnight and feel very tired.

7. HELP(!)

8. 8 MUSIC
I can sing songs and play the guitar. I do it at the same time. But I can't write music, but I really want to
art
I am not a creative person, therefore, I do not know how to take artistic photographs, draw cartoons and paintings, but I am good at sketching. I used to make websites at school, so now I can do a little too
sport
Yes, I could  саn a marathon, I've done it before. I also do skiing and volleyball, which means individual and team sports.  I like it
I don't know how to write short stories, but I can come up with jokes, I speak a little English from on. the French language. I am very afraid to speak publicly

9.  my favorite month is May. When it comes, I feel summer, freedom, rest from study, the opportunity to walk a lot with friends, barbecue. But my least favorite month is November. It is very dirty, cloudy and rainy in my city at this time
My favorite day of the week is Thursday, I have a day off on this day, I take a break from studying. But the least favorite day is Friday, I have to go to work early in the morning
My favorite time of day is evening, because I feel sleep and rest approaching. I don't like the day because it's very long and I'm usually not at home at this time.
