Keanu Reeves:" Aha, here he is at last. Neo, the One himself, right? And the legendary Morpheus. And Trinity of course, si belle qu’elle me fait souffrir. I have heard so much, you honour me. Please, sit, join us. This is my wife, Persephone. Something to eat? Drink? Hmm… of course, such things are contrivances like so much here. For the sake of appearances."
Keanu Reeves:" Yes, of course, who has time? Who has time? But then if we do not ever take time, how can we ever have time? Château Haut-Brion 1959, magnificent wine, I love French wine, like I love the French language. I have sampled every language, French is my favourite – fantastic language, especially to curse with. Nom de Dieu de putain de bordel de merde de saloperies de connards d’enculés de ta mère. You see, it’s like wiping your arse with silk, I love it."
Keanu Reeves:" Hmph… I am a trafficker of information, I know everything I can. The question is, do you know why you are here?"
Keanu Reeves:" Oh yes, it is true. The Keymaker, of course. But this is not a reason, this is not a `why.’ The Keymaker himself, his very nature, is means, it is not an end, and so, to look for him is to be looking for a means to do… what?"
Keanu Reeves:" But do you? You think you do but you do not. You are here because you were sent here, you were told to come here and you obeyed. [Laughs] It is, of course, the way of all things. You see, there is only one constant, one universal, it is the only real truth"
Keanu Reeves:" No. Wrong. Choice is an illusion, created between those with power, and those without. Look there, at that woman. My God, just look at her. Affecting everyone around her, so obvious, so bourgeois, so boring. But wait… Watch – you see, I have sent her dessert, a very special dessert. I wrote it myself. It starts so simply, each line of the program creating a new effect, just like poetry. First, a rush… heat… her heart flutters. You can see it, Neo, yes? She does not understand why – is it the wine? No. What is it then, what is the reason? And soon it does not matter, soon the why and the reason are gone, and all that matters is the feeling itself. This is the nature of the universe. We struggle against it, we fight to deny it, but it is of course pretense, it is a lie. Beneath our poised appearance, the truth is we are completely out of control. Causality. There is no escape from it, we are forever slaves to it. Our only hope, our only peace is to understand it, to understand the `why.’ `Why’ is what separates us from them, you from me. `Why’ is the only real social power, without it you are powerless. And this is how you come to me, without `why,’ without power. Another link in the chain. But fear not, since I have seen how good you are at following orders, I will tell you what to do next. Run back, and give the fortune teller this message"
Keanu Reeves:" Oh yes, it is. The Keymaker is mine and I see no reason why I should give him up. No reason at all."
Keanu Reeves:" Please, ma chérie, I’ve told you, we are all victims of causality. I drink too much wine, I must take a piss. Cause and effect. Au revoir."
Keanu Reeves:" Oh God, my God, Persephone how could you do this, you betrayed me [speaking French]!"
Keanu Reeves:" Cause? There is no cause for this, what cause?"
Keanu Reeves:" Lipstick? Lipstick? What craziness you are talking about woman, there is no lipstick."
Keanu Reeves:" Ai-ai-ai-ai-ai-ai, woman, this is nothing, c’est rien, c’est rien du tout. It’s a game, it is only a game."
Keanu Reeves:" All right. All right. Let us find out where this goes. You two, get the Keymaker."
Keanu Reeves:" Handle us? You’ll handle us? You know, your predecessors had much more respect."
Keanu Reeves:" Okay, you have some skill. Kill him."
Keanu Reeves:" You see, he’s just a man."
Keanu Reeves:" Damn it, woman, you will be the end of me. Mark my words, boy, and mark them well. I have survived your predecessors, and I will survive you!"
